and it looks like just up here we have
the biggest fish the biggest shark in
the sea Wow look at the size of that
huge
he's got a shelf racked up pretty quick
get in the water okay this is by no
means certain but if you get glued to
this workshop it'll be the biggest
animal we've ever had on the deadly
sixty there are unconfirmed reports of
whale sharks 18 meters long but absolute
certain they get to 12 meters which is
double the length of this boat and a
whale shark that big could weigh as much
as a double-decker bus that is a serious
fish right we're looking at say I reckon
speed is relevant
it's absolutely huge
coming out of the blue towards me is a
gigantic speckled spaceship
we've deceptively slow sweeps of its
huge tail it was moving faster than any
Olympic swimmer
it was more like swimming with a
submarine than a fish